docs(graphql): Add deprecated directive (#146)
dgraph-io/dgraph-docs: content/graphql/directives/index.md

Reference: [Custom directive](/graphql/custom/directive)

### @deprecated

> The `@deprecated` directive allows you to mark the schema definition of a field or enum value as deprecated with an optional reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@deprecated` directive lets you mark the schema definition of a field or `enum` value as deprecated, and also lets you provide an optional reason for the deprecation.
```
